In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Can of soup saw improvement over the course of the year.Can of soup did a disgusting job on the fall project and a disgusting job on the final project. Overall, an abysmal student. One of my favorite excerpts from their work was, "...". Can of soup is introverted. 
In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Pat did not see improvement over the course of the year.Pat did an atrocious job on the fall project but a decent job on the final project. Overall, a bad student. One of my favorite excerpts from her work was, "My name's Pat.". Pat is meh. 
In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Bazinga saw improvement over the course of the year.Bazinga did a nice job on the fall project but a mediocre job on the final project. Overall, an okay student. One of my favorite excerpts from her work was, "Bazinga!". Bazinga is humorous and clever. 
In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Sun Tzu saw improvement over the course of the year.Sun Tzu did a decent job on the fall project and a virtuosic job on the final project. Overall, a nice student. One of my favorite excerpts from his work was, "The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting". Sun Tzu is eloquent and wise. 
In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Jazz saw improvement over the course of the year.Jazz did a mind-blowing job on the fall project and an awesome job on the final project. Overall, a great student. One of my favorite excerpts from her work was, "The absolute black lit up by the fireflies' glow, really struck me.". Jazz is well-prepared, bright and patient. 
In this class, we studied the contemporary religious literature of Southeastern Slovenia in the 1960's. Harold saw improvement over the course of the year.Harold did a mind-blowing job on the fall project and a mind-blowing job on the final project. Overall, a mind-blowing student. One of my favorite excerpts from his work was, "Woo-hah!". Harold is sharp, intelligent and engaged. 
